h1. EMF Sandbox: Reflective XML Mapping using Generated EPackage classes

h2. Building The Project

It requires Eclipse EMF libraries as Maven artifacts,
which are not available in Maven Central repository.

Either use a Eclipse Modeling 3.7.2 or download EMF 2.7.1 from EMF website. 

Install the artifacts (from Eclipse @plugins@ folder) into your local Maven repository.

bc. mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.common -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.common_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar
mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.common -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dclassifier=sources -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.common.source_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar
mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.ecore -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.ecore_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar 
mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.ecore -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dclassifier=sources -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.ecore.source_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar
mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.ecore.xmi -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.ecore.xmi_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar 
mvn install:install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=org.eclipse.emf -DartifactId=org.eclipse.emf.ecore.xmi -Dversion=2.7.0.v20120127-1122 -Dclassifier=sources -Dfile=org.eclipse.emf.ecore.xmi.source_2.7.0.v20120127-1122.jar

h2. Generate model classes without plugin.xml

1. Open genmodel
2. Right click and choose *Generate Model Code*
3. Delete the @plugin.xml@ and @plugin.properties@ file

TODO: There should be a way to control @plugin.xml@ generation
from the genmodel.

For the record, this is the OSGi META-INF/MANIFEST.MF generated by the genmodel if OSGi bundle manifest generation is enabled:

bc. Manifest-Version: 1.0
Bundle-ManifestVersion: 2
Bundle-Name: %pluginName
Bundle-SymbolicName: mall-admin;singleton:=true
Bundle-Version: 1.0.0.qualifier
Bundle-ClassPath: .
Bundle-Vendor: %providerName
Bundle-Localization: plugin
Bundle-RequiredExecutionEnvironment: JavaSE-1.6
Export-Package: com.hendyirawan.emfsandbox.xmlgenerated.bippomall,
 com.hendyirawan.emfsandbox.xmlgenerated.bippomall.impl,
 com.hendyirawan.emfsandbox.xmlgenerated.bippomall.util
Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.core.runtime,
 org.eclipse.emf.ecore;visibility:=reexport
Bundle-ActivationPolicy: lazy

